have you ever had an encounter with an
angel no have you ever met an angel once
had a flat tire in a deserted country
road man in a white robe suddenly
horizon yes I am are you with the angel
do you see an angel but I don't think I
do
then how could I be with them we don't
know exactly how it works with angels if
he's in the room then you're with him
maybe somewhere else and you're not and
that's why we can't see him now
are you impaired in some way this
winter's probably has never heard of an
angel living in a hotel
oh you think I'm fooling no no nothing
like that Michael why are you coming
down dear yeah he's gotta find my smokes
michael has come to visit us
how do you do
limb to bear
go to the place
Oprah Barbara today show hardcopy book
the works
you